Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the city centre .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located near the river .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Burger King with an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a pub located in the city centre .
Blue Spice is a pub located near the river .
Blue Spice is a pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Blue Spice is a pub near Burger King with an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a non @-@ family friendly Chinese pub located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family friendly Chinese pub located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is an adult Chinese pub located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family friendly Chinese pub located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a non @-@ family @-@ friendly English pub located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family @-@ friendly English pub located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is an adult English pub located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family friendly English pub located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a non @-@ family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is an adult Chinese restaurant in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a non @-@ family @-@ friendly English restaurant in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family @-@ friendly English restaurant in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is an adult English restaurant in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family friendly English restaurant in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Clowns is a coffee shop located near All Bar One .
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Clowns is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento .
Clowns is a pub near All Bar One rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
Clowns is a pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Clowns is a pub located near The Sorrento .
Cocum is a coffee shop near Burger King with a medium price range and a high customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20- £ 25 .
Cocum is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop located near Express by Holiday Inn with a low customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop located near The Rice Boat .
Cocum is a mid @-@ priced coffee shop located near The Sorrento .
Cocum is a pub near Burger King with a high customer rating .
Cocum is a pub near Café Sicilia with a high customer rating .
Cocum is a pub near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating .
Cocum is a pub located near Express by Holiday Inn with a low customer rating .
Cocum is a pub located near The Rice Boat .
Cocum is a pub located near The Sorrento .
Cotto is a mid @-@ priced coffee shop located near The Bakers .
Cotto is a pub located near The Bakers .
Giraffe is a mid @-@ priced coffee shop located near The Bakers .
Giraffe is a coffee shop located near The Rice Boat .
